README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

## Environment Variables

Create `.env.local` (for local) and set the same on Vercel (Project → Settings → Environment Variables):

```
# Admin login
ADMIN_PASSWORD=change-me

# Firebase Admin (used by server-side APIs)
FIREBASE_PROJECT_ID=your-project-id
FIREBASE_CLIENT_EMAIL=your-service-account@your-project-id.iam.gserviceaccount.com
FIREBASE_PRIVATE_KEY="-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----\nMIIE...\n-----END PRIVATE KEY-----\n"

# Firebase Client (used by browser where needed)
NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_API_KEY=...
NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_AUTH_DOMAIN=...
NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_PROJECT_ID=...
NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_STORAGE_BUCKET=...
NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_MESSAGING_SENDER_ID=...
NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_APP_ID=...
```

If these are missing in production, API routes like `/api/appointments` will return 500. Check Vercel → Logs to see any errors emitted by the API.

Commit message:

chore: migrate from Firebase to Supabase (db, storage, realtime); add supabase client and schema; update APIs and config

README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

## Environment Variables

Create `.env.local` (for local) and set the same on Vercel (Project → Settings → Environment Variables):

```
# Admin login
ADMIN_PASSWORD=change-me

# Supabase
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL=your-url
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your-anon-key
# Optional: service role key for server-side (recommended)
SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY=your-service-role-key

# Storage bucket name for chat uploads
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_STORAGE_BUCKET=uploads
```

If these are missing in production, API routes like `/api/appointments` will return 500. Check Vercel → Logs to see any errors emitted by the API.

## Database (Supabase)

- Run the SQL in `supabase/schema.sql` on your Supabase project (SQL editor) to create tables and enable realtime.
- Create a Storage bucket (default used: `uploads`) and add its name to `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_STORAGE_BUCKET`.
